docs: describe storybook (#577)
amundsen-io/amundsenfrontendlibrary: docs/developer_guide.md

To run specific tests, run `npm run test-nocov -t <regex>`, where `<regex>` is any pattern that matches the names of the test blocks that you want to run. See our [recommendations for writing unit tests](https://github.com/lyft/amundsenfrontendlibrary/blob/master/docs/recommended_practices.md).

### Developing React Components

> To preview React components in isolation, use [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/). Just add a `.story.tsx` file in the same folder as your component. In that file, show your component in different states. Then run `npm run storybook`, which will open your browser to the storybook browse page. This makes it much easier to quickly iterate on components when getting to certain states requires multiple steps of UI manipulation. The gallery also serves as a convenient place to see what reusable components are available so you can avoid reinventing the wheel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To preview React components in isolation, use [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/). Just add a `<componentName>.story.tsx` file in the same folder as your component. In that file, show your component in different states. Then run `npm run storybook`, which will open your browser to the storybook browse page. 

Using Storybook makes it much easier to quickly iterate on components when getting to certain states requires multiple steps of UI manipulation. The gallery also serves as a convenient place to see what reusable components are available so you can avoid reinventing the wheel.
```
